[ Phil ] Hey, honey.
You’re just in time
for breakfast.
We should probably
go light on the food.
Something tells me
we’re not gonna want to do this
on a full stomach.
I can’t believe there’s
such a thing as autopsy camp.
[ Laughs ]
There is no such thing
as autopsy camp.
I had to trick Luke
’cause I’m actually taking him
to a ballroom dance class.
He’s been resisting,
but it’s in his blood.
I come from a long line
of dancing Dunphys–
a kick line, actually.
[ Chuckles ]
Come on. We don’t
want to be late,
like the guy we’re gonna see
on the table– Am I right?
- Of corpse you are.
- Mom, can you take me driving?
My test is coming up, and
I really need to practice.
Oh, honey, I would,
but I’ve got a big Closets
and Blinds Union meeting today.
There is no
Closets and Blinds Union.
Driving with Alex is torture.
She drives so slowly,
I have to be the only parent...
who slams on the imaginary gas.
Hey, I’m not doing anything.
I guess I could take her.
Great!
I’ll go check the tire pressure
and the fluid levels.
Fun! Can’t wait.
Be out in a sec.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, my rate
just went up.
All right, but this buys
your time and your silence.
Alex can never know how much
I hate driving with her.
[ Horn Honks ]
Mmm, she’s
in a hurry today.
Oh, that’s just step one of
her nine-point safety test.
Step two is checking the horn
to make sure checking the horn
didn’t break the horn.
[ Horn Honks ]
She should never drive.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Laughing ]
Forget it.
You tricked me.
I’m sorry, buddy,
but no son of mine’s
going to high school...
without at least knowing
how to do a proper box step.
Trust me. Dancers
always get the girls.
Remember the great Kevin Bacon
from Footloose?
- More like Foot Loser.
- Careful!
All right. No more talking.
We’re doing this.
Ugh!
You’ll thank me someday.
It gets better when you find
your signature move.
They used to call me
King of the Dips!
Why can’t we just
repurpose some of the stuff
from Manny’s party last night?
We got half a cake left.
The balloons are fine.
It’s bad enough that both my
sons have to share the same
birthday.
At least they deserve their own
party.
[ Jay ] You think Joe’s
gonna mind day-old cake?
He can’t even eat it.
He’s got three teeth.
I’ll remember that in 20 years
when you want cake.
He doesn’t even know
the party’s for him.
He understands
more than you think.
Right, Andy?
Who, F-Joe here?
He is smart as a whip.
When we play peek-a-boo,
half the time he’s ahead of me.
Not exactly
Clash of the Titans.
Manny, whose coat is that?
Amy Martin left it here
last night after my party.
I was getting some
pretty strong signals from her.
I think she did it on purpose
so she’d have an excuse
to come back.
Or because she couldn’t get out
fast enough.
If she was a cartoon, she’d have
left her skin here.
What does that mean?
That Amy is out of his league.
He always does this
and ends up getting hurt.
You need to talk to him.
And say what?
Tell him to go for girls
he stands a chance with.
I overheard him
talking to Reuben.
There’s some girl that really
likes him, but of course
Manny’s not interested in her.
He’s got to go
for the head cheerleader.
How do you know that
Amy’s the head–
I overheard that too.
For someone whose favorite
words at the movies are
"What did he say?",
you overhear pretty good.
[ Seagulls Calling ]
Yes, Lily, I-I pinky-promise
that we’ll be home in time
for baby Joe’s party.
Mm-hmm. I am.
I’m touching it
to the phone.
Yeah, and butterfly kisses.
Okay. Okay.
[ Chuckles Nervously ]
Little girls– so excitable.
I was wishing they had a gazebo,
and then they did!
Ever since I was a little boy,
I have dreamed–
dreamed of getting married
in a place exactly like this.
So, what date
were you looking at?
March 28.
That’s the anniversary
of our first date.
Oh, wait– Um, I’m sorry.
Is this price per person?
Yes, excluding alcohol,
cake and music.
What’s that?
The Mennonite package?
[ Chuckles ]
I think you’ll find
our prices are competitive.
Mmm.
Well, I’m ready to commit.
Cam, Cam.
I’m sorry.
Can-Can we have
a moment, please?
Okay. Well, let’s hope he’s not
having any last-minute jitters.
[ Chuckles ]
You’re not having
last-minute jitters, are you?
No. No, but it’s
a really large deposit,
and I want to make sure
we’re absolutely certain
about this place.
Well, I’m certain,
and we’ve looked
at every possible venue.
And Pepper was, by far,
the least snarky about this one.
That’s true.
He doesn’t throw the word
"adequate" around lightly.
Okay, okay.
It’s this place.
Okay.
Stop being so excited.
We might be able to get
the price down a little bit.
[ High-pitched ]
Okay. Okay.
Poker face, poker face.
Now work on your poker voice.
[ Lower ]
Poker voice.
So, we do like it.
We’re just not sure
that we love it.
[ Deep Voice ]
Yeah, we’re not sure
we love it.
That’s a relief.
Because someone just called.
The room is booked.
What?
What? No, no, no!
Wait. Are you playing hardball?
Because we’re playing hardball!
- We love it!
- Sorry.
A young lady
planning a sweet 16
just booked your date.
After that, we don’t have
another opening for...
two months.
No. No, it has to be
on our anniversary.
Wait, did Tracy McCoy
book this room?
Tracy McCoy’s
a student of mine.
Okay. I may have a plan.
I am not having a wedding/
Hunger Games themed
sweet 16 par–
Oh, you’re tapping your fingers.
You really do have a plan.
[ Sighs ]
Well, somebody smells good.
What perfume is that?
Every perfume!
Twenty of the sweatiest,
geekiest girls God
ever fouled this planet with,
and just me dancing
with all of them.
During the Charleston,
my hair got caught
in one of their headgear.
Wow, Charleston
on the first day?
Last day!
Just because you’re a dancer
doesn’t mean I have to be
one too, cha-cha-cha.
Damn it!
I’m never gonna fall
for one of your lies again.
Just take me
to autopsy camp.
[ Police Siren Wailing ]
Oh, shoot.
Am I gonna get a ticket?
If there’s any justice,
it’ll be a big one,
two, three and four.
Damn it!
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
License and registration,
please.
Absolutely. There you are.
You know one of
your taillights is out?
No, I did not.
What a ding-dong.
Wait right here.
Will do.
We’ll be right here.
This is what you get
for lying to me.
What choice did I have?
You used to be up
for anything.
Now, no matter what I suggest,
it’s no, no, no.
It’s called growing up
and having your own interests,
like the minister’s daughter
in your precious Footloose.
Wow.
Using my own movie
against me.
Let’s hear it for the boy.
Please step
out of the car.
Oh, I believe you
about the taillight.
Out of the car!
Okay.
I’m sorry, but I have to
place you under arrest.
Wait, what?
A car registered to you
has accumulated 18 unpaid
parking violations,
all on Campus Drive.
Oh, my God. Those are
my daughter’s tickets.
He’s got an answer
for everything.
I got to take you down
to the station house.
You can ride up front with me.
Seriously, can’t I just
pay you for them now?
At the station house, sir.
Can we at least not drive by
Middle Earth Comics
and Trampoline World?
People look up to me
in this town!
No, honey, Luke’s fine.
[ Claire ]
And they won’t take
a credit card?
No, it’s 1,600, cash only.
But, honey, it’s Sunday.
I can only get a few hundred
bucks from the A.T.M.
Sir, your time’s up.
Honey, just use
the emergency cash.
Ticktock.
B-but, Phil–
- Got to go!
- No, honey– I forgot
the hiding place! Phil?
Phil has $1,000 hidden
in the house,
and he’s made up
a crazy mnemonic device
to remember the location,
which he changes every month
to stay ahead of the bad guys.
What bad guys?
"Loot" rhymes with "coot,"
which takes us to...
this picture
of your grandfather.
"Moola" sounds
like "coola."
Not a word.
Money is in
the air-conditioning vent.
This will all
be over soon, buddy.
Just give me one last smile.
You too.
[ Shutter Clicks ]
Mom’s already on
her way with the money.
Don’t worry.
Oh, my God!
I don’t want to go
in there.
You’re going in here.
I don’t want to go in here!
Okay. This is where
Sophie works.
- She’s the one in the hat.
- Copy that.
Tracy works upstairs.
We’ll meet in the food court
in 30 minutes.
Sound like a plan?
A plan.
Not sure if
it’s a finger-drumming plan.
Get in there.
Two of my students,
Tracy and Sophie, B.F.F.’s,
were planning on having
a joint sweet 16 together–
until
they got in a fight
over a boy, Rodney.
Now Tracy is planning
on having her own party
at the Carriage House.
Our venue, our date.
So, our solution–
Talk to them,
patch things up...
so that they have
their party together again
at the original location.
Friends fighting over
a boy– something we know
a thing or two about.
Of course,
usually it’s gay men,
not teenage girls,
so we will have to adjust
our approach just a–
Not at all.
I don’t know.
Mm-mmm.
Uh, may I help you?
Mmm, yeah, uh, Sophie.
Um, I’m looking
for something for my niece.
She’s been really
bummed out lately.
Fight with her best friend.
- So I’m just–
I’m trying to cheer her up.
- That’s so nice.
Yeah. She’s always saying to me,
"Uncle Mitch, you’re so cool.
You’re so rad.
I’m so glad I talk to you
about my problems."
You know, I just–
I really get kids that age.
You know, she’s–
She’s almost 16.
I’m almost 16.
Crazy.
Tracy? Tracy McCoy?
Mr. Tucker, hi.
I didn’t know you were
old enough to have a job.
I didn’t have a job
until I was 16.
- Well, I’m almost 16, so–
- Crazy!
- Yeah.
- Oh, my gosh,
I remember back then.
My friends and I
had so much fun.
Well, when we weren’t arguing
about silly things
like parties and–
Okay, that’s a lot
of mirror-looking,
and that’s me saying that.
[ Inhales ]
Good, good.
Nice cruising speed.
Oh, look, there’s that jogger.
Now we’re in the lead.
Can we put the brakes
on the sarcasm?
They’re worn out.
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
- Hey, Mom.
- Haley, listen to me.
You did not pay a bunch
of parking tickets,
and now your father is in jail.
And I have to go bail him out,
just as soon as
I can get my hands...
on a giant pile of cash.
Cash– Ash!
Oh!
[ Beeps ]
Oh, God.
[ Rattles ]
Oh!
That was furry.
You are
in so much trouble.
Oh, don’t you think
I know that?
What am I gonna do?
You’re going to get
what you deserve.
A parking violation
is second only
to a moving violation,
which is grounds
for the loss
of a driving privilege.
Privilege, not a right.
Oh, my God, shut up.
This is why Mom pays me
to drive with you.
- What?
- Where do you think
she’s calling me from?
The Closet and Blinds Union?
Why would closet workers
and blind people even
have a union together? Think!
[ Sighs ]
Excuse me, waiter.
Could you please tell me
about the surf and turf?
Mr. Lobster says,
"It’s terrible!"
While Mr. Cow goes–
[ Deep Voice ]
"Yeah, I think you should
probably just have the pasta."
Dada.
[ Normal Voice ]
No, no, no, little man.
That’s your dada right there
with the drinky.
- Over-explaining.
- Don’t feel bad.
He’s just making sounds.
He may not even know
what the "D" word means.
I’m fine. He’s one.
I’ve watched him pee
into his own face and smile.
Hola, mi amor.
I wanted to talk to you.
Uh, what are you doing?
I decided to top Amy’s little
"forgotten coat" trick...
with a romantic gesture
of my own.
- You see–
- Yes, about Amy–
I know that I don’t know her,
but she seems like some of those
girls that you have liked,
but they haven’t always–
You may not know her,
but I do.
I went on her Facebook page,
and I put one of
her favorite things in each
of the pockets of her coat.
- So when she reaches inside–
- She’ll find a small box
of Dutch chocolates.
- Sweet, but–
- Raspberry Rhapsody lip gloss,
anyone?
My favorite,
but I still wonder–
Hello, Heavenly Soak bath salts.
What next will she find?
Only a lily of the valley
scented candle.
I love it!
Ay, I wish
she had more pockets!
"Bucks" rhymes with "nyuks"–
Three Stooges.
Damn it.
"Wampum," "pom-pom"–
Cheerleading costume.
Come on.
Oh, my God, really?
"Bank," "sank"–
novelization of
the movie Titanic.
Then why do
we keep that thing?
[ Gasps ]
Oh, Phil, of course!
Of course, because
"dough" rhymes with–
I don’t care.
[ Joe Cooing ]
Hi, buddy.
Hmm? Ah.
Who am I?
Come on.
[ Deep Voice ]
He’s your dad.
[ High-Pitched Clucking ]
That’s right.
He’s your dad.
[ Deep Voice ] Hi, Dad.
[ Clucking ] Hi, Dad.
[ Normal Voice ]
You can do it.
Come on. Say "Dad."
Come on.
Come on!
[ Crying ]
Andy!
Hey. How’d it go
with Sophie?
I did my best,
but I don’t think
she’s ready to forgive.
Oh, damn it.
I know.
We’re screwed.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Sophie.
Well, Tracy really
was out of line.
Was she?
Yeah.
Or was Sophie, per usual,
being a big drama queen?
Drama queen?
No, Tracy was spreading rumors
that Sophie’s boyfriend
was still into Maya.
They weren’t rumors.
She heard it directly
from someone...
who saw Maya and Rodney
holding hands at the pier.
Cam, who?
Dana!
Yeah, like she could be trusted.
This is Aidan
all over again.
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
Mitchell, it’s from Tracy.
"Mr. Tucker, thank you.
Talked to Sophie.
Party’s back on."
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my gosh.
You’re an evil genius!
You are!
You know what?
I give Tracy a lot of credit for
admitting she was wrong. I do.
Yeah, even though
it was Sophie’s fault.
[ Cell Phone Chimes ]
- No!
- Hmm?
- What?
- They’re still using our venue.
No!
Are you kidding me?
This is so frustrating.
Really? Are you sure
that’s how you feel,
or do you need a little
more time to think about it?
Sounds like you’re trying
to make a point there.
Wow, I’m surprised
you picked up on that
so quick.
Yeah, you’re definitely
dancing around something.
I feel like it’s speed-related.
Yeah, we lost
the Carriage House...
because you, true to form,
couldn’t make
a timely decision.
We were out of the room
for two sec–
What is this "true to form"
business?
28 Richdale Road.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
You hemmed and hawed
over our dream house,
and now somebody else
is eating breakfast
in our nook.
I needed the weekend.
I never saw myself in a ranch.
And what about Las Vegas,
when you couldn’t
quite commit to the show?
No, no, don’t.
No, no. No, it’s fine.
We’ll see ’em next time,
just as soon as that
tiger un-eats Roy.
I love the sign.
[ Groans ]
I’m not sure.
First, I thought just
a little accent of color
was all it needed,
but now
I’m thinking balloons.
Jay, what do you like better?
The accent or the balloons?
I’ve been asking myself that
since I met you.
¡Ay!
Can I just say I want
this type of playful banter
in my relationship.
Long as you say it
someplace else.
[ Laughs ]
Good one.
What are you doing?
They’re gonna be here
any moment.
I’ve been combing through
Manny’s yearbook.
I found a few girls
he might have a shot with.
Happen to know
what Lisa Nagel’s like
from the neck down?
- I didn’t tell him
what you told me to say.
- What? Why?
Because he told me what he’s
going to do when Amy comes here,
and it’s beautiful.
I think he has a better chance
than you think.
He knows how
to talk to girls.
He knows how to talk
to a girl– you.
I hope you have
a recent picture of his heart.
- You’re gonna need it, putting
the pieces back together.
- [ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it!
Hey, Mandrake.
Oh.
Ay, Phil.
I heard about jail.
How are you doing?
It was rough.
Stayed in that cold cell
a lot longer than I needed to,
thanks to my lovely–
Your system
is ridiculous, Phil.
Quite simple, actually!
"Cheddah" rhymes with "heada."
Where do you rest your heada?
On your pilla!
Mmm!
Help me out, buddy.
I have no buddy.
But– Luke?
[ Doorbell Rings ]
I’ll get it!
Oh.
Would you please just
let it go?
I did let it go immediately.
You’re the one who hesitated,
like you do with everything.
- Ah.
- The whole way here.
Dad, before you get mad,
I’m–
Oh, we passed "before I get mad"
hours ago when I was sitting
in solitary for your crime.
It was only solitary
because no one else
was in there.
You paid Haley
to take me driving?
Uh–
That’s right.
Haley told me everything.
You made up a fake union
just so you wouldn’t have
to be with me?
Alex, I am so sorry.
Haley, I trusted you.
[ Scoffs ]
Good luck trusting anyone
in this family, especially Dad.
Usually when I drag you kicking
and screaming to something,
you thank me afterwards.
This time, I was wrong.
- What did he do?
- He lied me
into a dance class.
Luke, I am so sorry.
Haley, you are
in so much trouble!
So much trouble.
Stop trying to make this
her fault.
What kind of parents
lie to their kids?
What kind of lesson is that
to teach all of us?
Yeah, seriously, sometimes–
Hey, neither one of you
knows the whole story.
Ah, please.
Let me tell them the truth.
Alex, the real reason
Mom doesn’t want to
teach you to drive...
is because she doesn’t want you
getting your license.
- What?
- Think about it.
Mom driving you around
is kind of
her favorite time with you.
It’s the only place
where your nose
isn’t buried in a book...
and she can
actually talk to you.
Sure, you’re getting
your license,
but she’s losing
her little girl.
- Mom, is that true?
- Come here.
And the only reason
Dad lied to you is–
[ Sighs ]
Should I tell him, Dad?
Fine.
Dad was a huge nerd in college.
Yeah.
He asked Mom out like, 10 times,
and she always said no.
Finally, he said,
"I’ll never bug you again
if you do one thing."
Just one.
"Dance with me."
Just dance.
He spun her around
on the floor...
and expressed himself
with his body in a way
he never could with words.
It was beautiful.
Mom finally saw the Dad
that we all know and love.
And you wanted
to give that to me?
Come here.
Oh!
[ Chuckles ]
Everybody, come for cake!
We can discuss
my punishment later.
Yeah.
Did she learn that from us?
That can’t be taught.
It is a gift.
Yeah, she’s still doing it,
following me around
all moony-eyed.
She just
won’t get the message.
But on the bright side,
Amy’s on her way over.
We need to talk.
Got to go, Reuben.
[ Beeps ]
What’s up?
It’s about your love life.
Lot of people here, Jay.
Consider it an intervention.
Now this whole Amy thing
is going nowhere,
but it sounds like you have
a girl that really likes you.
Now I know
it’s not everything you want.
Maybe she’s
a little thick in the middle.
I don’t know.
But why don’t you
give her a try?
So you think that’s
the girl I should go for?
She’s obviously crazy about you.
What else do you
even know about her?
Hi, Manny.
Well, she’s six
and related to me.
Shall I go on?
Okay, that explains
all the outfits she rejected
this morning.
The point remains.
You could lower
your sights a little.
Good, we’re still
talking about this.
Ay, leave him alone.
- When Amy comes, she’s going to
love her coat surprise.
- Who’s Amy?
This girl
Jay doesn’t think is into me,
but she left her coat here.
- Why else
would a person do that?
- By that logic, I love Denny’s.
Even if she’s not into me
right away, isn’t it possible
she could fall for me over time?
No, there’s a thing
called chemistry.
People know right away.
Not necessarily.
I didn’t know immediately
that I liked you.
Well, maybe not
the first minute.
- One month.
- A month? Yikes.
I’m with Manny. Some people
can trust their instincts
and leap in with both feet.
Others need to
take their time.
Okay, what Cam is
so subtly implying is that
he knew instantly with me,
while I, as usual,
took my sweet time.
Well, guess what.
I knew instantly with you.
How about that?
- Actually, I didn’t.
- Okay, well, yes, if you count
that one disastrous brunch–
Two months.
[ Jay ]
Two months?
[ Cameron ]
Mm-hmm.
Yikes!
Well, I’m in the Jay camp.
When you meet the right person,
bang!
That’s what happened with–
How long?
Uh, six months?
Six months. Yikes.
But you were preg-tically
engaged to me by then.
Mmm, nice save, Dad.
Wait a minute. I thought
you fell in love with him
after he danced with you.
And that was
six months in.
Why did it take you so long
to dance with me, Phil?
I don’t know, Claire.
You’d think
I would’ve gotten to it by then
since we lived together.
I’m sorry.
I’ve been berating you
about dragging your feet,
and when it comes to us,
I’m even more hesitatey than–
No, no, this is great,
because that makes
our real anniversary...
two months later,
when we were both sure.
We can still book
the Carriage House
for our wedding.
Oh, my gosh,
are you calling them?
Yes.
Yes!
Although, I-I am–
Call them.
Okay.
So, you were living
with this guy the whole time–
Oh. Uh–
[ Groans ]
Jay!
Aw, how cute.
He wants cake.
No, no,
listen, listen, listen!
What’s he saying?
Jay.
Jay!
He’s saying "Jay"!
[ Phil ]
Oh.
He knows me!
And that "Jay" word,
that’s harder to
say than "Dada."
He’s a genius.
Come here.
[ All Oohing ]
[ Doorbell Rings ]
[ Phil Gasps ]
She’s here!
- This is it, Manny!
- [ Phil ]
Go get her, buddy!
Hey, hey, hey. Listen, kid.
You might’ve been right...
about some people
needing a little more time
before they come around.
I mean, look at peanut here.
Good luck, Manny.
Thanks, Jay.
So it took you
six months, huh, Phil?
I can do six months.
[ Singsong ]
I’ll be here!
I’m not loving this.
Mm-mmm.
[ Sighs ]
His door is still closed.
What is he doing in there?
I think we both know
what he’s doing in there.
- He’s been at it for hours.
- That’s how I was at his age.
He’s gonna wear himself out.
You should talk to him.
I don’t want to embarrass him.
- So knock first.
- Maybe you’re right.
I don’t want him doing it wrong
and getting hurt.
Luke?
I’m coming in!
Hey, man. Buddy!
Dad? Get out of here!
Don’t be embarrassed, son.
It’s perfectly natural!
Get out!